time/readme.md, before:

### Experiment 1: - Javascript timers (a sanity check)

We want to measure the accuracy of the javascript clock.
We do this by measuring the time elapsed between two keypresses.
We can then compare the measured time to the time defined on the arduino.
Keypresses should not be affected by frame rate issues so it should be a relatively clean measure.
Also, the processing time for the first and second click should cancel out.


The measurement is generated by the player.
It should be a list of latencies between clicks. Ideally the measure should be exactly the delay set from the arduino.
Inaccuracies can be caused by timer sampling, or by having background processes blocking the browser (see [John Resig](http://ejohn.org/blog/accuracy-of-javascript-time/),  [Head player](https://www.headlondon.com/article/the-accuracy-of-javascript-timing - though I hope it is outdated by now)).

**Player**: Listen for `PRESS:A` then measure time to `PRESS:B`

**Arduino**: `PRESS:A` delay 100ms `PRESS:B`

#### results
Results can be found in the [results](./results) folder.
The files are each a csv file with the content of the result of a single browser.
The following table describes the columns:

Column  | Description
------- | -----------
c1      | Browser Name
c2      | Browser Version
c3      | Short Browser Version
c4      | JavaScript Engine name
c5      | JavaScript Engine version
c6      | Operating system
c7      | Operating system version
c8      | Measurement name (For cases we measure multiple measures)
c9 - cN | Latency measurements

Commit message:

docs(time): rewrote experiment description

time/readme.md, after:

### Experiment 1: - Javascript timers (a sanity check)

We measure the accuracy of the javascript clock.
Inaccuracies to the clock can be caused either by timer sampling or by background process blocking the browser.
Timer sampling [should]() have a resolution of 4ms (but see [John Resig](http://ejohn.org/blog/accuracy-of-javascript-time/),  [Head player](https://www.headlondon.com/article/the-accuracy-of-javascript-timing) - though I hope it is outdated by now).

In this experiment the arduino keypresses twice with a delay of 100ms.
The player measures the time between the keypresses.
The latency caused by the keypress itself should be canceled between the first and second keypresses.
Variance in the results can be caused by variability either in keypress latency or clock accuracy.

#### results
Results can be found in the [results](./results) folder.

The fields for the csv in this experiment are as follows:

Name            | Source    | Units  | Description
--------------- | --------- | ------ | -----------
Measurement     | player    | String | The name of the measure (minno|vanilla)
latency         | player    | ms     | The measured latency of the delay
