### Experiment 1: - Javascript timers (a sanity check)

We want to measure the accuracy of the javascript clock.
We do this by measuring the time elapsed between two keypresses.
We can then compare the measured time to the time defined on the arduino.
Keypresses should not be affected by frame rate issues so it should be a relatively clean measure.
Also, the processing time for the first and second click should cancel out.


The measurement is generated by the player.
It should be a list of latencies between clicks. Ideally the measure should be exactly the delay set from the arduino.
Inaccuracies can be caused by timer sampling, or by having background processes blocking the browser (see [John Resig](http://ejohn.org/blog/accuracy-of-javascript-time/),  [Head player](https://www.headlondon.com/article/the-accuracy-of-javascript-timing - though I hope it is outdated by now)).

**Player**: Listen for `PRESS:A` then measure time to `PRESS:B`

**Arduino**: `PRESS:A` delay 100ms `PRESS:B`

#### results
Results can be found in the [results](./results) folder.
The files are each a csv file with the content of the result of a single browser.
The following table describes the columns:

Column  | Description
------- | -----------
c1      | Browser Name
c2      | Browser Version
c3      | Short Browser Version
c4      | JavaScript Engine name
c5      | JavaScript Engine version
c6      | Operating system
c7      | Operating system version
c8      | Measurement name (For cases we measure multiple measures)
c8 - cN | Latency measurements
